Update configure-block-at-first-sight-windows-defender-antivirus.md (#3966)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/configure-block-at-first-sight-windows-defender-antivirus.md

   ![Intune config](images/defender/intune-block-at-first-sight.png)

> [!Warning]

> > Setting file blocking level to "High" will apply a strong level of detection. It may unlikely cause false-positive detection of legitimate files. In this case, use the option to [restore the quarantined files](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/restore-quarantined-files-windows-defender-antivirus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Setting the file blocking level to **High** will apply a strong level of detection. In the unlikely event that it causes a false positive detection of legitimate files, use the option to [restore the quarantined files](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-antivirus/restore-quarantined-files-windows-defender-antivirus).
```
